Preface
前言

This book sets out to explain some of the main features of CI. It doesn't cover them
all, or cover any of them in full detail. CI comes with an excellent on-line User Guide
that explains most things. This is downloaded with the CI files.
本书详细讲解了 CI 的一些主要特性。本书并不包含 CI 的所有内容和全部细节。CI 有一本出色的在线《用户指南》，它详细讲解了大多数的内容。它可以与 CI 一起下载。

This book doesn't try to duplicate the User Guide. Instead it tries to make it easier for
you to pick up how the CI framework works, so you can decide whether it is right
for you, and start using it quickly.
本书并不想重复《用户指南》中的内容。相反，本书试图让你轻松了解 CI 框架是如何工作的，那么，你可以先决定它是否对你有价值，然后再阅读本书。

In some places, this book goes beyond the User Guide, though, when it tries to
explain how CI works. (The User Guide is more practically oriented.) This means
that there are some fairly theoretical chapters in between the "here's how" pages. I've
found that it helps to understand what CI is doing under the hood; otherwise you
sometimes get puzzling error messages that aren't easy to resolve.
在试图解释 CI 是如何工作时，本书的某些内容已经超出了《用户指南》的范围。（《用户指南》更注重实际应用。）这意味着在“实战训练”中有一些非常理论化的章节。我发现这有助于理解 CI 内部的运行机制；否则，当你遇到令人费解的错误消息时就不容易解决。

I've tried to use a 'real-world' example when showing sections of CI code. I want
to show that CI can be used to develop a serious website with a serious purpose.
I'm currently running several websites for clients, and I want a program that will
monitor them, test them in ways I specify, keep a database of what it has done, and
let me have reports when I want them.
我尝试在显示 CI 代码段时使用一个“真实世界”的例子。我想展示的是，CI 可以用于开发一个正式的网站。目前，我手头上有几个正在运行的客户网站，我希望依照我指定的方式去对其进行检测控制以及测试，同时记录下程序操作行为，在我需要时我可以得到一份相关的报告。

The examples in this book don't show it in full detail, of course: but they do, I hope,
demonstrate that you can use CI to make pretty well any common coding simpler,
and some uncommon stuff as well.
本书中的范例无法将 CI 的功能一丝不漏的完全展示，但我想这些范例应当还是在一定程度上展现了 CI 在简化处理常用应用（以及一些非常用应用）上的能力。

This book steps you through the main features of CodeIgniter in a systematic way,
explaining them clearly with illustrative code examples.
本书系统地讲解了 CodeIgniter 的主要特性，并配合相应的代码范例进行了详尽的解释，使你能够由浅入深地掌握 CodeIgniter。


What This Book Covers
本书内容概述

Chapter 1 explains what CodeIgniter can do, the 'framework', and how CodeIgniter
fits in. It further talks about the open-source business model and gives some
disadvantages of CodeIgniter, at the end.
第一章讲解了 CodeIgniter 能做什么？什么是“框架”？如何安装 CodeIgniter？还对开源商业模式进行了深层次讨论，并在结尾给出了 CodeIgniter 的一些不足。

Chapter 2 explains what happens when you install the site, and which files will be
created. It gives a detailed overview of the required software, and explains the basic
configuration of CodeIgniter.
第二章讲解了安装 CodeIgniter 会发生什么？会自动创建哪些文件？本章给出了安装 CodeIgniter 所需软件的详细说明，并讲解了如何对 CodeIgniter 进行基本的配置。

Chapter 3 explains how MVC helps to organize a dynamic website. It goes further
to explain the process by which CodeIgniter analyzes an incoming Internet request
and decodes which part of your code will handle it. Then CodeIgniter syntax rules
and the different types of files or classes you can find―or write for yourself―on a
CodeIgniter site are explained. At the end of the chapter, some practical hints on site
design are given.
第三章讲解了 MVC 如何帮助组织一个动态网站。本章节更详细的阐述了当 CodeIgniter 收到 Internet 请求后，通过分析该请求并解析相关程序来执行的过程。然后介绍 CodeIgniter 的语法规则，并对 CodeIgniter 网站上你能找到的（或自己编写的）各种不同类型的文件或类进行了详细的解释。在本章的结尾部分，会告诉大家一些在网站设计中极具实用性的技巧和提示。

Chapter 4 looks at how you set up a database to work with CodeIgniter, and then
how you use the Active Record class to manipulate the database.
第四章看看如何设置一个数据库来配合 CodeIgniter 的使用，还有如何使用 Active Record 类来操作数据库。

Chapter 5 covers various ways of building views, how to create HTML forms quickly,
and how to validate your forms using CodeIgniter's validation class.
第五章包含了创建视图的各种方法，如何快速创建 HTML 表单，如何使用 CodeIgniter 的验证类验证你的表单。

Chapter 6 looks at one of the basic questions affecting any website i.e. session
management and security; we also explore CodeIgniter's session class.
第六章看看一个对任何网站都有影响的基础问题，即 Session 管理和安全；同时我们也来探讨一下 CodeIgniter 的 Session 类。

Chapter 7 covers the way in which CodeIgniter uses objects, and the different ways in
which you can write and use your own objects.
第七章涵盖了 CodeIgniter 使用对象的方式，以及你能够以各种不同的方式编写和使用你自己的对象。

Chapter 8 covers CodeIgniter classes to help with testing: Unit tests, Benchmarking,
the 'profiler' and ways in which CodeIgniter helps you to involve your database in
tests without scrambling live data.
第八章涵盖了 CodeIgniter 中用于测试的类：单元测试、基准测试和“分析器”，通过这些方法，CodeIgniter 可以帮你在不影响当前数据的情况下测试数据库。

Chapter 9 looks at using CodeIgniter's FTP class and email class to make
communication easier, and then we venture into Web 2.0 territory using XML-RPC.
第九章讲述了通过使用 CodeIgniter 的 FTP 类和 Email 类来简化通讯，并使用 XML-RPC 从 Web 2.0 的世界中获取信息。

Chapter 10 talks about CodeIgniter classes that help in overcoming problems arising
regularly when you are building a website, for example, the date helper, the text and
inflector helpers, the language class, and the table class.
第十章讲解了一些能帮你解决建站常见问题的 CodeIgniter 类和类库，例如：日期辅助函数、文本和 Inflector 辅助函数、语言类和表格类。

Chapter 11 looks at several useful CodeIgniter functions and helpers: file helper,
download helper, file upload class, image manipulation class, and the ZIP class.
第十一章讲解了一些有用的 CodeIgniter 功能和辅助函数：文件辅助函数、下载辅助函数、文件上传类、图像处理类和 ZIP 类。

Chapter 12 covers exploring your config files, using diagnostic tools, and potential
differences between servers, along with some notes on security.
第十二章涵盖了探索你的 config 文件、使用诊断工具、服务器之间的潜在区别和一些与安全相关的提示。

Chapter 13 shows you how to generalize CRUD operations so that you can do them
with two classes: one for the controller, and one for the CRUD model.
第十三章告诉你如何使 CRUD 操作一般化，你可以用两个类来实现：一个用于控制器，另一个用于 CRUD 模型。

Chapter 14 looks at some coding examples, bringing together a lot of the functions
that have been discussed bit by bit in the preceding chapters.
第十四章讨论了一些代码范例，这些范例综合使用了大量之前章节中逐步讨论的功能。

Chapter 15 looks at some of the resources available to you when you start to code
with CodeIgniter, such as the libraries for AJAX and JavaScript, authentication,
charting, and CRUD.
第十五章介绍了一些在你编写 CodeIgniter 程序时会用到的资源，例如：AJAX 和 JavaScript 类库、身份验证、图表和 CRUD。


What You Need for This Book
阅读本书你需要什么？

Throughout this book, we will assume that you have the following packages
installed and available:
本书中，我们假定你已经安装了下列软件包

1. PHP 4.3.2 or above
1. PHP 4.3.2 或以上版本 
2. A working web server
2. 一个运行中的 Web 服务器
3. One of MySQL, MySQLi, MS SQL, Postgre, Oracle, SQLite, ODBC
3. MySQL、MySQLi、MS SQL、Postgre、Oracle、SQLite、ODBC 其中之一


Conventions
约定

In this book, you will find a number of styles of text that distinguish between
different kinds of information. Here are some examples of these styles, and an
explanation of their meaning.
在本书中，你会发现许多不同的文本样式以区别不同的信息类型。下面是一些文本样式的范例，以及他们的含义。

There are three styles for code. Code words in text are shown as follows: "We can
include other contexts through the use of the include directive."
我们有三种文本样式。

A block of code will be set as follows:
一个代码块将显示为下列样式：
    $active_group = "default";
    $db['default']['hostname'] = "";
    $db['default']['username'] = "";
    $db['default']['password'] = "";

When we wish to draw your attention to a particular part of a code block, the
relevant lines or items will be made bold:
当我们想请你注意某特定部分的代码块时，相关的行或内容将被加粗：
</head>
<body>
<h1 class="test"><?php echo $mytitle; ?> </h1>
<p class="test"><?php echo $mytext; ?> </p>
</body>


New terms and important words are introduced in a bold-type font. Words that you
see on the screen, in menus or dialog boxes for example, appear in our text like this:
"clicking the Next button moves you to the next screen".
新名词和重要文字采用粗体字。例如在屏幕上、菜单或对话框中，以我们的文本样式则显示为：“单击下一步按钮以转到下一个屏幕”。

Warnings or important notes appear in a box like this.
警告或重要提示将显示在这样的方框中。


Reader Feedback
读者反馈

Feedback from our readers is always welcome. Let us know what you think about
this book, what you liked or may have disliked. Reader feedback is important for us
to develop titles that you really get the most out of.
我们非常欢迎读者能够给我们反馈。让我们了解你对本书有什么想法，喜欢（或可能不喜欢）什么。读者反馈对我们今后的改进工作十分重要，你也会从中受益良多。

To send us general feedback, simply drop an email to feedback@packtpub.com,
making sure to mention the book title in the subject of your message.
要给我们发送反馈，只需简单的写一封 Email 到 feedback@packtpub.com，不过要在邮件标题中写清书名。

If there is a book that you need and would like to see us publish, please send
us a note in the SUGGEST A TITLE form on www.packtpub.com or
email suggest@packtpub.com.
如果你需要我们出版一本书，请在 www.packtpub.com 网站中的 SUGGEST A TITLE 中给我们发信息，或发 Email 到 suggest@packtpub.com。

If there is a topic that you have expertise in and you are interested in either writing
or contributing to a book, see our author guide on www.packtpub.com/authors.
如果有你精通的主题，且你对写作或对本书作出贡献感兴趣的话，请到 www.packtpub.com/authors 查看我们的作者指南。


Customer Support
客户支持

Now that you are the proud owner of a Packt book, we have a number of things to
help you to get the most from your purchase.
现在，你是一本 Packt 书的“自豪”持有人，我们有很多事情可以帮助你，以便你从你的购买中得到最大的收获。


Downloading the Example Code for the Book
下载本书的范例代码

Visit http://www.packtpub.com/support, and select this book from the list of titles
to download any example code or extra resources for this book. The files available
for download will then be displayed.
访问 http://www.packtpub.com/support，并从书名列表中选择本书，以便下载本书的范例代码或附加资源。然后将显示可供下载的文件。

The downloadable files contain instructions on how to use them.
下载的文件中包含如何使用它们的说明。


Errata
勘误表

Although we have taken every care to ensure the accuracy of our contents, mistakes
do happen. If you find a mistake in one of our books―maybe a mistake in text or
code―we would be grateful if you would report this to us. By doing this you can
save other readers from frustration, and help to improve subsequent versions of
this book. If you find any errata, report them by visiting http://www.packtpub.
com/support, selecting your book, clicking on the Submit Errata link, and entering
the details of your errata. Once your errata are verified, your submission will be
accepted and the errata added to the list of existing errata. The existing errata can be
viewed by selecting your title from http://www.packtpub.com/support.
虽然我们尽全力保证内容的准确性，但还是会产生错误。如果你在我们的任何一本书中发现错误―也许是文字或代码错误―如果你报告给我们，我们将不胜感激。这样做可以使其他读者免受该错误的影响，并有助于改善本书的后续版本。如果你发现任何勘误，请通过访问 http://www.packtpub.com/support 来提交他们：选择你的书，单击 Submit Errata（提交勘误）链接，然后输入勘误的详细内容。一旦你的勘误通过审核，你提交的内容将被接受，并添加到已存在的勘误表中。你可以从 http://www.packtpub.com/support 通过选择你的书名来查看已存在的勘误表。


Questions
问题

You can contact us at questions@packtpub.com if you are having a problem with
some aspect of the book, and we will do our best to address it.
如果你有任何关于书籍方面的问题，你可以通过 questions@packtpub.com 联系我们，我们会尽最大的努力来解决它。